the the the the quick brown fox
jumped over the the lazy dog

Rudolph the red nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
all the other reindeer used to laugh and call him names
they wouldn't let him play any reindeer games
But one foggy christmas eve, santa clause asked him a favor.
suffice to say, Rudolph was pleased he finally got some attention.
Santa Clause told him to calm down or he wouldn't get any food that christmas day.
You see, near the north pole, even around christmas, resources are scarce.
Those poor reindeer are weak enough as it is. Missing a meal could mean death.

Christmas in the north pole is a time of haste.
Santa Clause, the slave driver he is, requires on christmas day 
that billions of presents be made, wrapped and compressed into a large red sack.
An impossible task indeed.

Rudolph knew what it meant to comply quickly when dealing with this so called saint.
That christmas eve, Ruldolph guided the front of Santa's sleigh
Much to everyone's surprise, the toxic radiation of his nose
could be focused into a concentrated beam that could cut through the fog,
flesh, stone, and metal.
That fateful christmas eve, Santa Clause had shown his true colors.
Once reveled as bringer of love and joy,
was now heralded as the bringer of death and destruction.

It was discovered that Ruldolph was a top secret experiment devised
by the mad scientist Nicholas 'Santa' Klaus in the interest of word domination.
In his doomsday speech He had said his place of residence, the north pole
was an ideal location situated on the roof of the world,
equidistant from vital human residence hot spots.

That christmas day, nukes were launched pointed at the north pole,
headquarters of the evil saint nick.
However, Santa knew this was inevitable, for it was his plan all along.
With the polar ice caps melted, nothing could hold back the incurring destruction.
Tsunamis swept across every coast line across the world.
Nuclear fallout spread through rapid flowing jetstreams intersecting ground zero.
Those that weren't drowned in 100 feet of water,
died of radiation poisoning.
Civilization had been destroyed, drowned in a toxic nuclear water world.